  I became a CS student because of my life-long interest in computers. My dad built my first PC when I was 6-7 years old. I would always use it to play games or watch videos. It was then that I knew I wanted to go into a career related to computers. However, it wasn't until high school that I knew what major to go into: I took many Computer Sciences classes there, and passed all of them. Now, that was when I realized I wanted to go into Computer Science.

  Currently, I am only in two clubs: ACM and EDT. In the ACM, we have SIGs (Special interest groups); I am in two SIGs right now: SIG Web-dev and SIG Game-dev. Currently, in SIG Web-dev, we are working on a website that allows us to select youtube videos to play through our speakers in the ACM room and list those videos like a queue. In SIG Game-dev, we are still coming up with an idea for our next game, but I will update this text once we have an idea on the game we are going to make. In EDT, I am a part of team AIR. In team AIR, we are currently building a drone for the competition in which the drone picks up a water bottle, flies in the air, and drop the water bottle at the specific landing / target zone. I implemented the program that splits our image into smaller images because our AI can only scan smaller images. The AI will then scan the images taken by the drone to locate the target zone from the pictures.

  In the summer, I work as a camp counselor for Jr. Sports Camp at Weber. During my first year as one, I was a substitute, so I worked with different counselors and a variety of campers. I eventually adapted to everyone's techniques with handling campers and was able to memorize all of the campers' names (There are at least 50). As a camp counselor, I engaged with the campers through group activities and was able to get them to engage with each other. I've had at least 6 campers become friends even outside of camp. During my second year as a camp counselor I had to deal with conflicts with campers and make sure to resolve the conflict easily without future issues. It was also when I had to step up because I had to work with two new counselors, so I had to make sure we were always following the schedule and train them how to become good camp counselors, which is where my leadership shows.

<!---
eky2429/eky2429 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
